Add configuration parameters section to README.md (#79)
kbss-cvut/record-manager: README.md

## System Architecture

The system can be split into two parts. __Main application__ provides management of users, organizations and their records. The system manages multiple types of records which are generated dynamically by __Form service__.  

## Configuration

### Further Record Manager Configuration

The following table lists the names of environment variables that can be

> passed to TermIt backend either directly in `docker-compose.yml`, in

Author: ```suggestion
passed to Record Manager backend either directly in `docker-compose.yml`, in
```
